Song Junjie
You eat dry, wipe and run
Able to answer the phone
The call you dialed is playing Sister Song.
Really have you
Qingqing is back
Come to Qingqing's house for dinner
Also know to go home
You have the ability to live outside without you
How do you talk to him?
Hey Qingqing
Nanjing, how did you provoke him?
I don't know what's wrong with him
He was also the one who pretended to be without water when he ate it dry and wiped it clean
I've never been so frustrated in my life
Now.
Eat dry and wipe clean
These two won't
Then Luo Yufeng counts as you just be careful and have some skills
Take it away, you son of a bitch!
Kill me!
Take him away from me
Of course it's for your future girl
Clean up the mess
Song Qianqian
Don't forget the agreement between us
Of course I remember.
Never fall in love with the southern scenery
Can't fall in love with the southern scenery
I'm definitely not taking anything
But why?
My heart hurts so much Dejie